When the code is run, the main window is brought up, which is made using tkinter. The user has options to scan a puzzle on paper, submit a screenshot of a puzzle, or enter the 
puzzle manually. If the user chooses to scan the puzzle, they are brought to a window where they can start scanning the puzzle with their webcam or external camera.
When the camera is hovered over the puzzle, blue squares will start to appear around the squares of the puzzle, allowing them to adjust the camera angle to make sure the
puzzle is read correcly. These are found by removing shadows, finding contours, and filtering the contours based on their area by using cv2. The scanning and the GUI are also running on seperate threads using the Threading package. Once 81 contours of the correct shape are found, it uses the corners of the contours to find images of each of the squares and feeds them to a convolutional neural network trained with the mnist numbers dataset. This network is trained using tensorflow and is able to accurately predict new numbers due to the image data generator, which slightly alters the training data on each epoch so it can be trained more without overfitting. Once the images from the scan have been fed through the network, a np array is created to represent the numbers from the network. The user can then continue to the sudoku display screen. Here, they can alter the puzzle if there were any issues reading the numbers. Once the puzzle has been confirmed by the user, it is solved using recursion and the completed puzzle is displayed. If the user wants to load an image from their computer, a file explorer opens and they can select the image they want to solve and a similar process is done to get the numbers from the image. If they want to enter a puzzle manually, they can jump straight to the display screen and enter all the numbers manually and have it solved.
